Welcome to Discriminology documentation!
===================================

Discriminology is a nonprofit that works to leverage technology, data, and human
capital to advance the social, civic, and economic strength of Black and Brown
communities by ensuring their youth have equal opportunities at success through
equitable opportunities to learn. Recognized by the Roddenberry Foundation,
Echoing Green, and 4.0 schools, Discriminology has developed a platform that
highlights racial inequity at schools around the United States. Since the
platform's launch in 2016, Discriminology has amassed over 150,000 users and has
evaluated over 90,000 schools \(nearly every K-12 public school in the country\)
through analyzing the US Department of Education Office for Civil Rights' data.

In the current school system, there exist racial disparities in the experiences
and the treatment of Black and Brown students throughout the country.
Discriminology has developed a platform that highlights racial inequity at
schools around the United States by compiling quantitative data taken from the
US Department of Education Office for Civil Rights' data. However, after
conducting seven focus groups with community organizations, they have found that
these organizers working on racial justice and educational equity prefer
qualitative narratives to quantitative data, and that personal narratives are
often necessary to provide context to numerical data. Currently there are no
platforms designed to explicitly capture and illustrate these stories. In Spring
2022, Tech for Social Good designed a mobile reporting tool for community
members to log and report their experiences of racial inequity. This repository
contains a mobile responsive web app based off those designs created last spring
by T4SG. This app aims to create a mapping tool that publicly records and
amplifies the lived experiences of Black and Brown communities by school and/or
district.


Check out the :doc:`usage` section for further information, including
how to :ref:`installation` the project.

.. note::

   This project is under active development.

Contents
--------

.. toctree::

   usage
   api
